Thought this would be the fastest way to talk to you. We have problems with 2.7.2 already, including bright ride still freezing in dark cave if you dont have the badge for it, and super nerd's name is gibberish. However, the biggest issue is encounters. I fixed all the day encounters and gave you the patch for it, but 2.7.2 does not have this. Night encounters are correct, at their proper levels and spawns. For example, ilex forest has level 12-16 at night, but during the day it has 6-14. This is pretty big since some pokemon will not spawn, which was one of the reasons I had to go through the encounters in the first place. I can attempt to send you the correct spawns in some way, either through screenshots or maybe just give you the file with the correct ones. I apologize for the inconvenience this causes. PS: Replace Scald for Water Pulse on Buizel in the Admin Proton fight in Slowpoke Well.

Below is the link to a google doc with all the correct pokemon and levels displayed in images. Please get this done asap because it really hurts the game to have it not be correct.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1hiaIkrqi2LtaVmRbXnn5PKdHz8KkXDQ1jiga54buypg/edit?usp=sharing

I have made a patch with the corrected day encounters, but this is a temporary fix. You will need to update your end of the day encounters in Advanced Map.

Surf/Fish encounters are correct in map maker, just not on the encounter doc. Will update when I have the chance. A trainer right before Goldenrod has a lv45 Clefable.

There is a trainer on Route 39 with a lv100 Cradily, this is 70 levels higher than it should be. A Lass in Whitney's gym has a glitched name. Wave Ride crashes on Mgba.

I went to go find Light Clay, and it turns out its not in the data anymore. You replaced Light Clay with Ice Stone. Could you please add it back in the game?



Thank you for fixing and looking at this. Please, please fix day encounters asap. For now, I'm gonna make a new patch, again. I don't want to have to keep doing this everytime you fix other things

Mgba seems to be having a lot of issues other emulators aren't. I've had a couple reports of surf not working, probably due to the hp fix but works on other emulators. One report of cianwood gyms buttons not working, but fine on other emulators. A rocket in the mahogany hideout, when you first walk in all the way to the left, has a glitch name and crashes Mgba, only one report. Delta seems to crash a lot, but I've heard its caused by speed up. One user claims the problem stopped after they moved it to another emulator and brough it back to Delta.

Please keep up with pull requests in the Engine repository, or give me back the full access to it. I fixed some night encounters being wrong, and found another one after. I can't put in another pull request until the first one is put in.

Bright Ride still crashes the game without the Zephyr Badge, personally tested it myself today. Red Gyarados at Lake of Rage sometimes isn't shiny. Lake of Rage and Ruins of Alpha need night encounters added to the data, however that works. LoR has the table in it, but the footer is r43 otherwise it crashes when you get an encounter there. Ruins does not have a table, I did mention what it should have on the doc. Should have the same as day with 2 mons swapped. The debugger is still in the location it was put. It wasn't there in 2.7.2 but was added back in 2.7.3. Also, could you move the Karate Man in front of Mortar to the middle section on the island? The first floor has encounters/levels for before Morty's gym, and its blocked so you can't go in further. After moving the guy, have him block people from being able to go to Mahogany before Jasmine. That was the original issue, people would get the Wave Ride and go to Mahogany before even going to Cianwood, because this was something you could do in the normal games. Have him act like the Rage Candy Bar guy, so he moves down and tells the player they ruined his concentration and they need to leave. Then he can apologize after you meet Cynthia in the ruins, and challenge you then. It also stops people from getting Stealth Rocks TM and Aqua Tail Move Tutor before Chuck. I'll update again soon after I have more words with people testing various bugs.
